Emma can't be sure how much sedative the
pregnant female has had what do you
suggest we do okay for the hub what
sitting on to a final attempt John has
to fly dangerously close to the treetops
to do it as she comes through here to
the to the low please hold on I'm gonna
get first okay how does it look did it
go all the way ed we've just used the
difference place more site on animal now
let's talk about me shake on
she's gone down now I'll go to land if
you could come and land ectopic
I'm just giving you a partial reversal
it just lightens up her breathing and
her oxygenation they can get very
complicated and an athletics they're
very prone to option ation problems
hypoxia not enough oxygen so we just
keep on playing around with this drug
just to lighten her levels and it just
helps us to get her up as well because
this is the thing she's a big girl so we
need to get her up and walking on the
ramp Wilton frontier with the truck
parked here we're gonna run it straight
in I'm trying to work out this problem
with the doll not had before and it's
just suddenly happened but that's a
problem with Game Capture you just got
to make plans as you go along animal
this size and weight we don't want to
sitting on the legs too much and
basically she's a fully awake runner
when we take off now so it's imperative
that we line everything up perfectly
okay okay ready
good girl good girl good girl come on
come on 1 2 3 up 1 2 3 up come on girlie
come on
keep that direction
1 2 3 dancer she's put away what do it 3
dogs the 2-ton mom won't play the game
get more people on the pulling team 1 2
3 turns
get up Bucky on that rope 1 2 3
don't wanna wait now get a Bucky on the
rope get up back to you on the rope
order the second one who wants for it I
gladly slowly huh
on a partition
the pregnant Rhino is fine but they're
falling behind schedule everyone's
exhausted
you